Yep.
So let's put the zero in knapsack problem.
You all know how to solve it because we have discussed the very same thing in the substitution problem.
Right.
And if the elements are repeating, then what is the substance and possible or not in zero nets?
Leipsic.
What's the catch?
The catch is that any item can be used multiple number of times.
For example, here you can see that or fill this knapsack of food.
Now this item one is.
Has this in finite capacity, basically.
Item by the first item, which has size of one and value of it, it can be used again and again, again
and again to fill this knapsack separately or for if it can be used again and again to fill the knapsack
capacity of four, then it will be used for down three.
What's the total value that will take care?
But nobody will be able to do what we just heard you do.
Right.
And I think that will be the maximum, because, again, you can also figure out why won't you really
work in this?
And there are various approaches.
But I just want to I just want you to know the because of religion that will form effects on my way
from X items tell me.
The maximum value fit by capacity.
There are two options.
If I did not include the current element or I included element ones, or I can include an element twice,
thrice or times.
We all know we all have derived this in the subsequent problem.
We all have derived the reconciliation.
So I just directly related here.
But if I am not including it, let me right exclude.
They go ahead.
It will be simple.
It will be x comma by.
Three X minus one.
X minus one game away because not including it.
Not including you to tell me the best answer from the rest of others.
Otherwise, if I'm including it, then we like including multiple number of times eight.
So it will be nothing but f of x comma by minus of.
As of.
X.
What does this mean?
Why am not why I'm not doing x minus one?
And we all know this because we have thought about it.
We have dived deeper into the subject problem rate in which we saw that.
Instead of, you know, moving instead of saying, one, two, three, four, five, six, they include
the right number one number of time to a number of time, three number of time for number of time and
so on.
They learned.
What I have done is as it.
Included as an excluded are included ones.
But then see, they took this f of x comma y minus x means it currently.
Now I can again add their excluded or included.
Right.
That means.
Let me just leave it if you have forgotten about it.
But now again, I can exclude the current element or include the content.
Now what?
What is the reconciliation?
If I'm excluding it, it is nothing.
Word X of F of x minus one.
Comma VI minus six.
And the second one is f off.
X comma via minus two S6.
Correct.
If I'm enjoying it.
So of course we will be adding the value.
Don't forget about it.
Value is always there.
I know nothing about this that we started from x going away, but what is this value?
This means that I'm including it one number of time.
Exactly one number of time that I've taken by minus six here.
And we have blessed Victoria eight plus we.
And second thing is.
What does this mean?
That I'm not that I'm including it to a number of times.
So it is at least two number of times because you can see the state is exactly here.
But again, if I excluded and included what it is, I get F of x minus one comma, y minus two, six.
Correct.
What is this?
This means I've included exactly two number of times.
And now the second state I did it is V minus three or six.
I will getting the whole point there.
We have also discussed this in detail that these two equations, if combined recursively, because they
call each other recursively, they will form out of all the cases to include them or to exclude them.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
Number of times eight.
Basically, if I want to write it in pure English that.
What does these dates mean to this?
Trevino What did you mean?
This means from X minus one.
If we had the capacity of why, tell me the best answer.
But this means that if I'm including at least one number of time.
A number of.
Eight.
And this date F of x minus x minus one common by minus six will mean that I'm including it exactly one
number of time.
I just want you to understand this difference.
Of course, you might have already understood this because you discussed the same in the subject.
Some problem.
But this is important.
This is very important.
So let's call this and I think.
This is the code that I provided you in the tabular in the resource section of the previous video.
This is the tabular core, right?
And we know we know very easy how to call this problem now, which is nothing.
But instead of my explanation, what I have is I have X over here, what I lose instead of making this
j loop going the reverse order, I just make this j loop.
Wendy.
Forward order, basically.
Yeah.
So now this is nothing but zero in knapsack.
Zero.
And epic.
Because now any x minus any extended x depends on x minus one, which is already there because I have
the singularity.
And the other thing is depends on these same rules.
Previous value depends on the same rules previously the same rules.
Previous values should be updated.
It will only be updated if I'll start from blank and keep on updating.
They?
So that's it, guys, in the next part.